feat: Updating Security Council Rehearsals (step 2 - remove signer) (#1128)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: security-council-rehearsals/step-2-remove-signer/README.md

   only exists in the simulation and is safe to ignore as long as the
   new value is equal to the actual threshold of the Safe.
3. There are no other significant state changes except for 2 nonce
   changes from the Safe and the signer address. The screenshot below contains LivenessGuard state changes

>    because we simulated with the production Security Council safe which has LivenessGuard enabled. You can ignore these changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   There are some LivenessGuard state changes which are safe to ignore, as per the screenshot below. These are a result of using the production Security Council safe for the simulation, which has LivenessGuard enabled.
```
